what's up gaming nation we're continuing
on with our building a gaming pc series
this time we're looking at the
five-hundred-dollar gaming pc build as
you can see from our $400 build to this
build you'll see that we decided to
mainly upgrade the cpu graphics card and
even our computer case to accommodate a
bigger graphics card this build couples
the i3 3220 along with the new GTX 650
Ti boost which is getting rave reviews
all over the place a card to compare
that to would be the radeon HD 777 90 a
really good card as well both of them
you can get around 149 dollar price
range might ease might be able to give
the 7790 cheaper at this point in time
simply because the GTX 650 Ti boost was
such a shock to so many people I've read
articles about how well it performs an
SLI if those of you who have a little
bit more money might consider doing
something like that anyway making it the
featured card for this particular build
wasn't a question in my mind I'm gonna
have benchmarks below where you can see
just how well this card does I've seen
overclockers be able to put it in excess
of the 660s performance so really
something you guys ought to take a look
at because we're going with an Intel
processor we're also going back to an
LGA 1155 motherboard in the msi h 61 m
dash p31 pretty inexpensive motherboard
overall but we're trying to fit in a lot
of performance in this five hundred
dollar budget we also have at the same
power supply that we used before case
we're going to the cooler master elite
four thirty one of my favorite cases I
try to get the one with the window
because I like to look at it yeah a
little bit of a show-off but it's what I
like to to have so coolermaster cases
make it extremely easy to take stuff
pull it in and out and things like that
we're going with the same optical drive
and hard drive as we did before some of
you might be asking why we went with the
i3 3220 instead of a processor like the
FX 6300
and simply the reason for this is
because we're looking for max gaming
performance out of these bills and
you're going to get that with the i3
3220 versus the FX 6300 now if you don't
have to have the max FPS okay then going
with something like the 6300 might be a
good idea if you need like a workstation
or you have a lot of you leave a lot of
apps open where you have software that's
very very thread intensive pay you can
stick with a 6300 in that case so
overall if you've got about five hundred
dollars to spin this is a great way to
go about it the i3 3220 along with the
650 Ti boost allows you to spend about
sixty percent of your overall budget or
two hundred and eighty dollars to three
hundred dollars on your graphics card
and cpu combination that's really what
you want to do in this price range focus
on in game performance leaving maybe
everything to the side you might want to
get a bigger hard drive than what I did
here you could spend about seven to ten
dollars doing so but overall think of
the performance you're gonna get with
this build I mean you can literally play
most games on high settings 1920 x 1080
P resolution without a problem in and
out of the door at 500 bucks let me know
what you guys think of this build if you
think you have a better one I'd love to
hear about it so would everybody that is
listening to this video please comment
below in the comments section if you
like this video press the like button
and subscribe button and stick around
for our six hundred dollar pc build also
check out our 400 auto pc build if $500
is your budget for some additional
information this particular video was
updated that was uploaded jun 2013 so if
you're looking at this later on be sure
to go to my website wwn gamer calm i'll
have a link of it in the description
below where you can find this build
updated each and every single month
since hardware changes so often it's
just a really good idea to check that
out and get an idea of what kind of
rebates and and sale prices are out
there okay so for today's funny moment
of the day I just wanted to let you guys
know that I my pants
I also shift my drawers no this is from
kmart a funny commercial if you guys are
12 years old like me at heart and you
like really immature stuff check out our
funny moment of the day it's this Kmart
commercial where the talking about
shipping your pants shipping your pants
there go ahead guys it's okay to ship
your pants everybody everybody ships the
pants only the cool kids ship their
pants so make sure you ship your pants
too